1. Data Source: Amsterdam availability data scraped from AirBnB on December 24th. Question: What are the popular neighborhoods in Amsterdam?

- this assumes: 1. Dec. 24 is representative of all days of year, 2. popular neighborhoods is the same as lack of/availability (ex. less popular destination may not have many availabilities b/c there are less ppl getting into airbnb with a lousy market)
- instead may ask: Where in Amsterdam is there more options for airbnb renting on Christmas Eve?



2. Data Source: Mental health services use on September 12, 2001 in San Francisco, CA and New York City, NY. Question: How do patterns of mental health service use vary between cities?

- confounding variable of people being really stressed the day after 9/11 and either using more services the day after, or less because they are busy tending to the immediate disaster
- instead may collect data of several dates between January - August 2001 between the two cities, and determine how mental health services were affected the day after a major disaster for people in a city where it occurred compared to a city on the other side of the US (normalizing to their normal rates)



3. Data Source: Armenian Pub Survey. Question: What are the most common reasons Armenians visit local pubs?

- this assumes: 1. Armenians at pubs represent all Armenians, 2. only Armenians visit Armenian pubs, 3. students represent all Armenians
- also problematic: survey will be more influenced by students that frequent pubs or have a drinking problem, because increased chance that they will be surveyed than those who go once in a while
- instead may ask: What are the most common reasons university student patrons visit Armenian pubs?